OSDOCS-4717 reminder to leave NetworkManager enabled (#62380)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhel-preparing-node.adoc

[id="rhel-preparing-node_{context}"]
= Preparing a RHEL compute node

> Before you add a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) machine to your {product-title} cluster, you must register each host with Red Hat Subscription Manager (RHSM), attach an active {product-title} subscription, and enable the required repositories. Ensure `NetworkManager` is enabled and configured to control all interfaces on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you add a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) machine to your {product-title} cluster, you must register each host with Red Hat Subscription Manager (RHSM), attach an active {product-title} subscription, and enable the required repositories. Enable and configure `NetworkManager` to control all interfaces on the host.
```
I suggest using the active voice.
